The timing of the Malvo shootings is the most critical part of the debate on September 11 and the Iraq War. It is the perfect perfecta held by the Track Mangers wife, all composed of long shots. The Malvo shootings blew the Iraq war debate right off the front page. They started blowing peoples heads off in the press the day the Iraq war debate started, they continued blowing peoples heads off in the press with a frenzy and total media madness so intense it the blocked out the rays of the sun itself until shortly after the Declaration of War.

No One heard the Iraq war debate. No one remembers a position of thier Senator? a change in the horse race count? A dramatic speech by a stunning statesman that will be remembered for all time, a "4 score..." barnburner of a speach? No, None of that just blank. All our memories are Blank or pale gray at best.

But... why is this important? Unfortunate timing? One long shot just won a Race. But the Daily Double was the Hijackers training at the CIA flight school  Humbolt aviation in Florida. The third race was yet another stunner with 400 million in short selling on American Airlines on Sept 10, beating silly the normal 25K daily volume. You could hear the buzz in the race crowd at the bangup start to the night. Almost as good as the 87 Pennant homer by Mitchell Page. The Kids all wanted to buy a $2 on the Longshot for the fourth race but the Adults knew sagely that life ain't all long shots and big payoffs. 

But at the head of the stretch in the fourth race the Anthrax Date slammed through the Post Office, written with an American Format, Lame and still limping coming wide up to the Finish line... 13 Anthrax Genome specialists commit suicide or die in the following six months until "they" admit it can now be tracked to the strain and not the batch, made at Fort Dietrick. It was a photo finish with a result as amazing the Daily Double, even beating the third race action.

The crowd was beginning to doubt their sanity that this could all happen in one night when the fifth race crescendo's toward the largest perfecta payout in history for the Managers wife. The only terrorist search warrant turned down in 2001 out of hundreds is Masaoui's computer search request.  399 approvals and wouldn't you know it but "the" single search request denial pops up in the fifth on this amazing night. A one in four hundred long long shot. Desk Jockey Colleen Rowley filed a protest at the result saying her wording had been changed without her permission, and it was illegal to do so, but the judge disallowed ...and the Perfecta Mountain of Cash swelled incredibly.

Before they could even catch their breath the sixth was just incredible timing accidental timing. The track was wet and all six horses went down at once letting  Rumsfeld's horse of the apocalypse come from way behind to give a july surprise when the shoot down procedures are changed so only he can approve it, and Mr Rumsfeld is conveniently unavailable at the moment. 

A fat lady in the stands collapsed after the seventh, in disbelief,  when the WTC tower seven holding the CIA records gave a precision collapse of absolute perfection and wasn't even hit by a plane in the race straight down in perfect lines. 

The Perfecta Mountain got challenged for the second time of the night in the eighth, when the programers in switzerland filed a protest that they actually did recover the hard drives like the insurance company wanted and discovered hundreds of millions of bogus transactions in the hour before the planes, most  of them linked to the CIA. But again in a streak of long shots, the Judge Disallowed again. 

The Ninth. We still have the ninth race to run. 

Its the last Race of the Night. A time of heros and villains and each must decide their fate, pick their side. "With us or against us" is for each of us to choose. Evil is in our midst and we had better beware.

